[Example 15] Using multiple controller managers under different namespaces (#423)
ros-controls/ros2_control_demos: README.md

> * Example 14: ["Modular robots with actuators not providing states and with additional sensors"](example_14)
> 
> * Example 15: ["Using multiple controller managers under different namespaces"](example_15)
> 
>    This example shows how to include multiple robots in namespaced controller manager instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Example 14: ["Modular robots with actuators not providing states and with additional sensors"](example_14)

   The example shows how to implement robot hardware with actuators not providing states and with additional sensors.

* Example 15: ["Using multiple controller managers"](example_15)

   This example shows how to integrate multiple robots under different controller manager instances.
```
